Data set
Airbnb is an online marketplace for offering primarily homestays or tourism experiences. It is increasingly popular in these years, more people are 
interested in becoming a renter to rent out their house or a tenant to rent a house instead of hotels. It is low cost, friendly, self managed, and easy to 
use. In this project, we will use several data sets to understand the Airbnb rental landscape in Victoria, BC, which is helpful for both potential tenants 
and potential renters. The top most goal of this project is helping potential renters to find the most valuable property (i.e. neighbourhood group, 
room type) to invest in, also, this project can help potential tenants to understand their preferred listing. The data sets are sourced from the Inside 
Airbnb. It is an open access archives with Airbnb records around the world. We will use the data set that record Victoria¡¯s all listings¡¯ information 
from September, 2018 to September, 2019, twelve data sets in total, each data set represents one month. The attribute that we will use in each data 
set are each listing¡¯s price, room type and neighbourhood group. Room type is a factor which includes 3 levels: private room, entire home/apt, 
shared room; neighbourhood group is a factor which includes 16 levels.

First Plot (Introduction & Method)
In the first plot, our main goal is showing the monthly average price fluctuation for each room type for each neighbourhood. We will use shiny and plotly
in the first plot. First, we will do a data set clean up. We will delete all extremely high price because such kind of prices are looks abnormal; we will delete 
all listings that belong to 'hotel room', because it's a new room type that first appears on August, 2019, so it's too short to compare. Two input values are 'neighbrouhood group' 
and 'room type', uses can select any of 16 neighbourhood and 3 room type to see the average price fluctuation for each room type for each neighbourhood.
In the main panel, we will draw an interactive graph which includes several lines, where month is the x-axis and average price is the y-axis. 16 neighbourhood will be 
distinguished by different colors, and 3 room types will be distinguished by different line type. For example, now we want to know the information of private room (assume 
dash line presents private room) in the first neighbourhood (assume red presents the first neighbourhood) in January, then a tooltip will be shown 
and display some useful information when we hover over the point which is above the label ¡®January¡¯ and on the red dash line. This interactive line plot
can show some basic information for each room type for each neighbourhood, and it is easy to observe the trend of price fluctuation from Sep, 2018 to Sep, 2019. 
In the side panel, we will draw a bar plot where x-axis represents neighbourhood group, y-axis represents log-price difference in precentage between 
Sep, 2018 and Sep, 2019, and room types are distinguished by different colors. This bar plot can give some information that interactive line plot cannot give.
For example, the only information that the interactive line plot can provide are a point's basic information (i.e. time, neighbourhood) and the trend of price
fluctuation for each room type for each neighbourhood, it's very hard for interactive line plot to compare the price fluctuation if the trend of two or more lines are looks very similar, instead, bar plot
will represent comparisons clearly.
These two plots help potential renters to understand which room type or neighbourhood is worth to invest in.  Also, they help potential tenants to understand the Airbnb rental landscape in Victoria and therefore they are able to draw up 
a plan ahead of schedule. For example, if a single potential tenant plans to travel to Victoria, but hasn¡¯t decided the time yet, after looking at this 
plot, he can compare the average price for private room in each neighbourhood in each month, and then decides when to go and where to live.

Second plot

Our interactive plot displays all the listings on a map. shiny and leaflet is used. Users can provide input through the choose
neighborhood option. Here are the sixteen neighbourhoods, including Burnside, Central Stanch and Victoria West. For each chosen
neighborhood or several neighbourhoods, we will show the average price for different room types. we use geom_bar to plot the mean 
price point for different room_type for a given selection of neighborhoods. Given chosen neighborhood, total listings for different
room_types are also displayed. When users click on the listings points on the map, corresponding information will also show. 
For example, number of bedrooms and bathrooms. Note that  listing markers are clustered with a polygon. This is achieved through
clusterOptions within addMarkers function from leaflet. There is also a heat map show the distribution of properties. It may be
interesting to people find out the listing. To calculate the average price for different room_type, we first filter the data by 
room_type and then summarize with average price. To plot the heat map, we used heat map function from the leaflet.extras package. 
It might seem like the heat.colors is an appropriate color scheme. For the zoom parameter inside the setView option, 
maybe we can choose zoom=13.
